It's horrible. In monday lunch the quality and taste of rajma curry is not good and monday dinner the kheer is too sweet. Bhature is very hard to chew. "Prawns are removed from the menu."The taste of palak paneer is horrible.In Friday snacks it is written samosa chat instead they are giving vegetable chop which is too oily. In sunday dinner vegetable fry is there in the menu but instead they are giving only aloo and very little amount of cauliflower bhaja. The bhaji they are giving mostly contains aloo and just a little amount of other veggies. Some more vegetables should be added in the menu .
Curd Quality: The curd served in the mess has been diluted with excessive water, making it unappetizing and of very low quality. Additionally, curd is only served once a week, which is highly inadequate given its importance in our daily diet.

Fruits: While fruits are available in the mess, they are not being served to students. The staff's attitude towards this is concerning, as it appears they view the distribution of fruits as an unnecessary burden. This creates unnecessary frustration among the students who expect healthy, balanced meals.

Chicken Quality: The chicken served is often raw or undercooked, which poses a serious health risk to the students. This issue has been recurring and needs immediate attention to ensure that proper cooking standards are followed.

Dosa Quality: The dosas served are consistently undercooked and soggy, failing to meet even basic expectations for a well-prepared dish. This has led to dissatisfaction among students, and the mess should address this issue immediately.

Mess Timings: The mess is often closed before the scheduled mess times, causing inconvenience for students who rely on the mess for their meals. This inconsistency in timings is highly disruptive.

Lack of Rice Items: The curries served in the mess have been of poor quality and do not meet basic nutritional standards.

Given these issues, I request that immediate steps be taken to improve the quality of food and service in the mess. We kindly ask that proper measures be implemented to ensure food safety, timely service, and a better variety of nutritious dishes for the students.
Not at all nice .
There is no rasam,no Sambhar.
Veg food is not all tasty
Currys are not good and rice is also not cooked before holidays it is good but after that only change the mess so we want before holidays food only.
No hygiene is maintained.Cats and dogs roam in the mess they even lick the plates
Yes the curries are not nice and spicy and salt quantity is very less and some insects are falling in the rasmalai sweet and improve the taste the dal wear some salt daliy you people keeping puri only as tiffin please change the menu of tiffin and now a days rasam and tomato rice and pulihora and jeera rice should be kept
The quality of food is very bad,like the chicken items are not good, specially the chicken curry of sunday meal.The food what we are having is totally different from that one mentioned in the menu,in quality wise. The present menu is not a new one , it is only a swapping in the previous one. For more than one year,we are eating the same thing. So it should be changed. We need some new dishes in our lunch and dinner .
Cats lick the plates in which we've our food in BF hall
The new menu is just a swapping in the previous one. It should change really, that mean some new dishes should be add to the menu. One more important thing is that, it's almost 1 and half year and we are having the same taste of food. So there should be a change to the taste of food also.
Bring the fried chicken back on sundays
Tuesday and Monday lunch menu is very bad..Sunday mushroom chilly was better than now mushroom curry..
Chili mushroom instead of mushroom curry, egg omlette sometimes in morning breakfast
Please add curd rice into the menu. Change the Tuesday and Wednesday puri sabji thing and have poha aur upma.
Sunday lunch:- mushroom curry should be replaced with mushroom chilli
Chole's served are usually stale
Chicken pakoda should be with small pieces of chicken and those big pieces are always uncooked


Monday lunch :- rajma is also stale
Monday dinner:- no vegetables included and as usual potatoes not cooked properly


Tuesday lunch :- it is the best please don't change anything in it
Other days the breakfast consists of too much of baking soda
1)Recent manu has two days of rajma curry which is really tasteless and
2) there is no variation of rice like tomato rice ,lemon rice or any other .
3)monday's dinner is not at all good .
4)chicken curry is being served consecutively and has no taste in Sunday's one.
5) dahi is watery
6) the amount of tea or coffe they are serving is very less.
🔴5 and 6 points are completely different in CVR🔴 they are being served unlimited amount of tea or coffee and dahi has also a very good consistency
The new menu is not good , it's really worse than the previous one. The foods are too oily . Majority times ,the foods are undercooked and they're not cleaned properly. Many times , I'll find hair, or any insect in the veggies. Even they're not washing the vegetables properly, they should remove the fungus part atleast. Please change the menu with healthy alternatives, less oily , good quality.
First of all the food is very oily and the menu for lunch should be changed for Thursdays and Mondays , breakfast for Fridays and Wednesdays and snacks for Tuesdays. There is also lack of hygiene and quantity. If a student hasn't come for the meal then her meal must have been left but here they always say that they have shortage of meal. That is a concern because if a student has come late but before the mess is closed then how the food can be over . I request the concerned authority to look into this matter . Because our parents are spending a lot of money as mess fees and if this is the condition then why are they charging that much money.
Why are we being served fish twice and what happened to the Samosa chat and fried chicken please serve chilli chicken on Tuesdays.
The new mess food is not as good as old ones and few items were removed from past menu. The chicken quality has been compromised in my view and chicken doesn't taste as before. Kindly view on that.
Items that written in menus is totally different (quality)that given daily .all items are testless .even sundays chicken is very bad. breakfast is ok but lunch dinner is very bad please improve the test
Please remove chicken from Thursday menu.
Food was not proper there was no rasam in meals there was no lemon rice and ets types of rice
The chicken tastes soo bad especially after the winter vacation.
The wifi in C block is not working .
please bring back Rasam.
Remove the veg Cutlet in the evening snacks.
I felt like eating dal in my every meal because the overall menu is soo bad.
Samosa chaat is never served .
Bread is not served past 9:15 ( so random ) .
Prawns haven't been served for two weeks now , its fish twice a week .
Sunday lunch is so underwhelming , chicken is overcooked and rubbery .
Mutton is too hard and chewy .
-Tea doesn't taste like tea anymore... It's all powder.
-Why have the biscuits been changed in the snacks?
-Why are the chole being served in the morning as well as dinner? Can add sth else..
Snacks timing should be extended till 6.45 as all are having classes till 6.15
Everything is fine till now...no issues
1. On tuesday, i thought it is curdy but we got mixed veg which was not much good.
I like it much more than the previous one ..the problem is there is no healthy snacks like sprout chat and all which was provided earlier
the chicken curry and chilli chicken's taste is bad and also the mushroom curry that they are making on sunday lunch is the worst.
fish gravy was better as compared to fish curry.
try to include the variety in vegetables.
Nothing is good . If you wanna keep same dishes change the sequence of them .add rasam and sambar too. And remove pastha papadi chat and noodles. It of no use . Keep samasa and jelibi on different days with 2 searching each.
Monday and Tuesday lunch menu should be changed.
The taste has been degraded for lunch . The evening snacks should be kept more variety.
Hhh
It is not that much good
Could include curd in lunch menu daily. Please bring prawns back in the menu. Please make snacks time is till 6:30. Cup ice creams were better than the cones.
We want sambar in our mess
Please bring back Rasam!!!😭😭😭
Also i think including curd everyday in the common items is very needed
Gravy curries have more oil and water content. Sunday afternoon chicken is not at all good. Rice is not being cooked properly. It's watery. Everything is bland. Dalma is not being provided regularly. Chapati is not cooked properly.
Sunday’s lunch fried chicken should be there instead of masala chicken… veg menu also should have mushroom chilli instead of mushroom curry
Wednesday lunch we should get prawn
In breakfast, With bread 2 amul butter packets should be given
Healthy dishes needed rather than too much oily junk items, thick curd, and hygiene also required very much. Different kinds of fruits also we need rather than always having banana.
1)Hygiene first. Cats often Licking plates!! This can make us fall sick. Dustbins are not cleaned even for 1-2days on row. Stink at the very place of dining! This is the most irritating thing .
2)Fruits variety should be increased in breakfast. Not just banana. Try providing milk 3-4times in a week at night after dinner .
3) milk products seem to be adulterated. Like milk itself and paneer. 4)veggies are like season specific. Please increase variety. Why just cauliflower/cabbage in winter and pointed gourd(potala)/okra in summers? Brinjal all round the year . 5) snacks items are not all healthy. Full of monosaturated fat oil and maida. Can replace with corn chat , podu etc
Every snacks menu should be changed.it tastes so bad.please remove bread pakoda,papdi chat please please please
fghnjm
Kadhi should be added to the menu someday

Why was chicken fry removed from Sunday menu because students are eating food peacefully that's why??? The food tastes awful day by day .And some times if we ask for an extra piece or something the mess people would be saying that only 4 pieces for person and you can't get extra . How can four pieces of curry full fill someones stomach.I don't say that the mess people should not eat food but many times I observe that they pack their foods in large quantity before students can either eat . I request HMC to consider this matter.
While i would certainly take my time to appreciate some of the changes that have been done into the menu, but there are still some issues needed to be addressed.
1) The ghanto served has a thin consistency and tastes bad.
2) Since winters are here, oranges should be served daily and not once in a week.
3) Mushroom chilly should be introduced back into the veg course on sunday.
4) The taste of pasta served has been degrading day by day.
5) Also try incorporating mushroom into the menu on more number of days.
Little portions. Lots of food are packed away at end but we aren't given adequate portion.
I have problem with Lunch . It would be better if different flavours of rice is given in lunch (curd rice , lemon rice , jeera rice etc ) dinner is ok .and in breakfast pls aloo parantha
Mess food is deteriorating day by day.
The food doesn't taste good as well as the quality is not up to the mark.
It's horrible. In monday lunch the quality and taste of rajma curry is not good and monday dinner the kheer is too sweet. Bhature is very hard to chew. "Prawns are removed from the menu."The taste of palak paneer is horrible.In Friday snacks it is written samosa chat instead they are giving vegetable chop which is too oily. In sunday dinner vegetable fry is there in the menu but instead they are giving only aloo and very little amount of cauliflower bhaja. The bhaji they are giving mostly contains aloo and just a little amount of other veggies. Some more vegetables should be added in the menu .
Curd should be there in lunch everyday.
1. Dalma on Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays and for the rest days sambhar.
2. Dahi kadi on Tuesday lunch should be brought back.
3. Shrimp should be added to the Wednesday menu.
4. Fried chicken should be added to Sunday lunch. Further adjustments should be done specifically from your side regarding Sunday menu because the food tastes better in weekdays than weekends. Nothing special about Sunday lunch, rather the food tastes like puke.
1)some items get exhausted in no time because they first pack for them first. This leads to shortage among students. We are paying for the food indeed!!
2) In Sunday lunch "chicken kosa" is finished within 15mins. Please avoid Large pieces of chicken, it is not cooked properly.
3)for 3 days in row menu remains unchanged.e.g.same type of dosa in breakfast on Sat sun mon.
4)Hygiene should be prioritised. A regular issue. Cats licking plates. Dustbins need to be cleaned and better kept outside to prevent stink and mosquitoes
Noodles taste has become very bad they are adding a lot of oil
Daliya option with chole bhature is very bad daliya is of very bad taste and if someone does not want to eat oily then they have no option
It's better to replace upma with chole bhature
On Monday dinner has chole and on Tuesday morning we again get chole bhature
Plz add new items for vegetarian as only paneer has been given and the paneer is taste like a rubber so please add different items for vegetarian. Plz change the breakfast menu for Sunday and Monday as it is the same thing that has been given to us.
Please get the old menu back.. mushroom chilli on Sundays is a must.. vegetarian people's life sucks
Tuesday potato chips should be there
I don't like it. Literally every meal/snacks has cauliflower in it even chowmin and samosa stuffing, very weird combination I know. The chicken curry on the sunday lunch tastes terrible at least the roasts were edible, even the mushrooms has been replaced. Dahi curry, channa and Rasam has been removed from the menu I don't know why. In the previous menu there was a lot of variety and we actually had motivation to go and eat. Fix the menu please. Also, the quantity of potato in every vegetable dish is way too much like the vegetable and the potatos are in the ratio 2:8
Manu is bad , quality is bad
1)some items get exhausted in no time because they first pack for them first. This leads to shortage among students. We are paying for the food indeed!! 2)for 3 days in row menu remains unchanged.e.g.same type of dosa in breakfast on Sat sun mon.
3)Hygiene should be prioritised. A regular issue. Cats and dogs licking plates. Dustbins need to be cleaned and better kept outside to prevent stink and mosquitoes
Pls change that Sundays kabab in the place of that put before what u have served before winter occasion means that chicken fry and food should have to be tasty and spicy it was good
it was good
it is good
it was good
it was good
it was good haha
can be a lot better
haha
it was bad
can be better
nice
It was worst
Bad
